{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
\readonlydoc1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red158\green15\blue23;\red20\green31\blue135;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\vieww33020\viewh19600\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-400\pardirnatural

\f0\fs38 \cf2 FretPet for Mac OS X
\b \

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \

\b\fs26 \cf3 Welcome to FretPet!\

\b0 \cf0 FretPet is an old-school music sequencer centered around the six-string guitar that you can use for a multitude of purposes...\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li360\ri-5760
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \'95 Build and identify chords on the fretboard.\
\'95 Find all the fingerings of a chord in any tuning.\
\'95 Make sequences of chord progressions with picking patterns.\
\'95 Play through QuickTime and MIDI outputs.\
\'95 Use synths like GarageBand, Absynth, FM7, etc. as outputs.\
\'95 Export MIDI files and QuickTime Movies.\
\'95 Find all possible names for each chord.\
\'95 Sketch compositions and loop to practice leads.\
\'95 Use randomness to produce surprising results.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-400\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b \cf3 Requirements\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\li360\ri-5760
\ls2\ilvl0
\b0 \cf0 \'95 Mac with a 1GHz or faster processor\
\'95 Mac OS X 10.5 or higher\
\'95 512MB RAM\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ri-400\pardirnatural
\cf0 \

\b \cf3 MIDI Features and More\

\b0 \cf0 FretPet uses CoreMIDI to provide a MIDI source for external synthesizers and MIDI-aware software. You can use the 
\b GarageBand
\b0  synthesizer as an output to produce richer sounds than QuickTime. You can record with GarageBand as well, though 
\i synchronization is currently an issue
\i0 . Software synthesizers like Absynth and FM7 sound really impressive when FretPet is used as a controller.\
\

\b \cf3 The User Manual\

\b0 \cf0 The FretPet website includes a comprehensive HTML manual to get you started using FretPet. To read the manual just select 
\b FretPet Manual
\b0  from the 
\b Help
\b0  menu.\

\b \cf3 \
Sample Documents\

\b0 \cf0 FretPet no longer includes sample documents, but you can get them by downloading the "FretPet Extras" package from the FretPet website. There you'll also find the latest information about the current release. Just choose 
\b FretPet Website
\b0  from FretPet's 
\b Help
\b0  menu.\
\
The FretPet website has a 
\b Samples
\b0  page where I occasionally post new mixes made using FretPet with GarageBand and other synthesizers. These demonstrate that you can get some pretty great results with advanced synthesizers like GarageBand and Absynth. I recommend you check them out.\
\
You can also 
\b Subscribe to The Petcast
\b0  to hear new samples as they are posted!\
\

\b \cf3 Custom Guitar Images\

\b0 \cf0 You can now completely customize the Guitar Palette appearance, including the dots, the bracket, the playback animation, and the cursor.\
\
Before you can begin you'll need to download the "FretPet Extras" package from the website. Select "FretPet Website" from the FretPet "Help" menu to go there.\
\
In the "FretPet Extras" package you'll find a bundle named 
\b Example.guitar
\b0  which you can modify to make your own guitar themes for FretPet. Use 
\b Show Package Contents
\b0  to get inside the guitar bundle. Examine the 
\b Info.plist
\b0  file and the items in 
\b Resources
\b0  and you should have a good idea how to proceed. Guitar bundles should be placed in the 
\b ~/Library/Application Support/FretPet
\b0  folder so FretPet can find and use them.\
\
If you make a guitar theme you particularly like please feel free to send it my way and I will post it on the FretPet website for the community to use and enjoy.\
\
	Scott Lahteine\
	Thinkyhead Software\
	August 17, 2011\
}